tests/README.md, before:

### Postman

To set up the environment before running the postman tests you will need to configure the Base extension.
This can be done via [n98](https://github.com/netz98/n98-magerun2) tool like so:

```shell
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/active 1;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/customer_number 123456;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/shop_number 12345;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/api_key 111111111111111111;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set oauth/access_token_lifetime/admin ""
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set oauth/access_token_lifetime/customer ""
```

* One of the tests also requires the .sql file to be imported, you can do it like this:
```shell
bin/n98-magerun2 db:import dev/modules/cart-integration-magento2-base/tests/Postman/addTestCartRule.sql
```

Create admin:
```shell
bin/n98-magerun2 admin:user:create --admin-user=admin --admin-password=magento123 --admin-email=test@example.com --admin-firstname=Admin --admin-lastname=Test
```

* Import collection, environment & global files into postman. 
* Configure the environment to match yours.
* Run collection

Commit message:

SG-155 test variable fixes + instructions

tests/README.md, after:

### Postman

To set up the environment before running the postman tests you will need to configure the Base extension.
This can be done via [n98](https://github.com/netz98/n98-magerun2) tool like so:

```shell
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/active 1;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/customer_number 123456;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/shop_number 12345;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_base/general/api_key 111111111111111111;
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set oauth/access_token_lifetime/admin ""
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set oauth/access_token_lifetime/customer ""
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set sshopgate_advanced/staging/server "custom"
bin/n98-magerun2 config:set shopgate_advanced/staging/api_url [MOCK_URL]
```
Note that you can get the `mock_url` from the environment file of the Postman test suite.

* One of the tests also requires the .sql file to be imported, you can do it like this:
```shell
bin/n98-magerun2 db:import dev/modules/cart-integration-magento2-base/tests/Postman/addTestCartRule.sql
```

Create admin:
```shell
bin/n98-magerun2 admin:user:create --admin-user=admin --admin-password=magento123 --admin-email=test@example.com --admin-firstname=Admin --admin-lastname=Test
```

* Import collection, environment & global files into postman. 
* Configure the environment to match yours.
* Run collection
